GSoC Meetings

GSoC 2020: Implement the Social Currency Metrics System in GrimoireLab

Coding period 2: Week 8

1. Discussion about the previous week
   1. Written an SCMS Twitter Enricher, tests
   2. Consolidated chaoss indexes and converted it to a Google Sheet.
   3. Tagged records from different channels 


2. Calibration Discussion Points

   1. Discussed 2 major comments that we found were important while tagging data. (comment no 25, comment no 46)

   2. Constructed definitions of some tags and categories
      1. Administrative(Category)
      2. Metric Development (Category)
      3. Consistency (Currency Tag) 

   3. Addition of sub categories for Administrative:
      1. Workflow (discussing intermediate things)
      2. CHAOSS mission (discussion of end goal of the community)

   4. Selection of Weight system 
      1. Based on comment relevancy
      2. Based on happiness factor(i.e positive or negative emotion) 

   5. Decision of Weight System:
      1. Adding both weights in the spreadsheet, and seeing them in the dashboard, 
      2. If tagging rest data becomes arduous with 2 weights or if the tagged data doesn't make much sense, we could move back to the idea of a single weight.


3. Other SCMS CHAOSS discussions
   1. Channels: Inclusion of Github:
      1. Start small by 3 channels, and compare trends with other channels later to confirm trends. (long term)

   2. User Experience:
      1. [Try to resolve] Clip the mails into shorter mails because of inconvenience to read. (Adding filter in Google Sheets)
      2. [long term] A feature to have sub tags added (eg “Generosity”/”Appreciative” could be a sub category to “Transparency”)
      3. [long term] A feature to have a record classified under multiple Categories.  
      4. [long term] A feature to split a message into 2 or 3 different messages, (in case 1 message contains mixed sentiments)


4. Next steps, action items, tasks
   1. Solidify a codex, tag 125-150 data records.
   2. Resolve an issue of extra fields enricher study.
   3. Trying ways to Increase User Experience of tagging by adding a feature to filter data in Google Sheets (eg: clip the mail size)
   4. Modifying the dashboard to have a weight selector and select any method on the basis of Relevancy(Importance of a comment) or Happiness(Positive or negative sentiment)
